show the draw on the draw tab after it has been completed
change to the rules: if no. of players is not divisible by 48 - then the players who have th elowest ranked tier 1 team get the bonus team
hovering over the column titles for 'football emoji', 'win', gk', 'prog' shows what it means\
giant killing: if a team wins 2 tiers above then you get a 2x giant killing, 3 tiers above you get 4x points
we need some kind of way to show how people got the scores
the enter name screen shouldn't just be for 14 names, you just add a new name each time with max 48 - this is so i can use it for other groups if i want to. so remove the placeholder names for now and let me enter them. there should be a drop down feature, where you can select how many players you have
we need a live scores where you can see the scores come in as they happen. this will show in the carousel we already have at the top in first version
i want this to be available to other groups - how could i do this. for example it should start clean in a new version, and the admin sets up the rules, e.g the entry price, etc. Or we have a log in system - but this seems unnecessary
the tiers therefore also need to be changeable based on how many players are in each game - and the rules descriptions etc. will need to adjust
make sure it looks good on a mobile - this is the primary channel it will be used on
All 48 teams should be drawn, no matter the no. of players. But tier 4 teams are given first to the players with the lowest ranked tier 1 team
on the draw page - instead of having an x at the end of each row, use a "remove player" button next to the "add player button" which removes the last player from the list
Win in group stage and win in knockouts should be same no. of points - just 3 points for a win anywhere
Add to "entry & the draw" that if there is not a no. of players divisible by 48 - then the wildcards are first assigned to the players with the lowest ranked tier 1 team
sort out admin panel tabs
maybe remove the select no.of plahyers from the landing page
mention in rules page that the draw is based on FIFA ranking and is fair based on the algorithm
the prize amounts need to adjust absed on the entry fee - proportions always are the same


how can the admin re-enter as an admin if they leave the game? we should proabably create an admin code to renter as an admin to the game
test using realistic scores for the world cup fixtires
tier logic is going both ways. it only should be if you beat a team a tier, 2 tiers, or 3 tiers ABOVE you. that test showed brazil get giant killing points for beating canada - who are 2 tiers below them.
hovering over the column titles for 'football emoji', 'win', gk', 'prog' shows what it means\
can you run a test. simulate every test of the 2026 world cup, add in some giant killers results also. post the results on the 8w794t game. report on how you think the game works.

live scores shown on the app